---
layout: page
title: "options"
category: har
date: 2015-02-17 20:11:23
order: 2
---

An object that is passed in to the Harvester constructor, which contains all of the configuration options.

```
Harvester.options *property
```

####Database Setup

- db: the name of the database to use. Default: harvester.
- host: the address of the database machine. Default: localhost.
- port: the port of the database machine. Do not set this unless you do not plan on using the default port for the database.
- username: username for logging into the database. This may be optional for MongoDB.
- password: password for logging into the database. This may be optional for MongoDB.
- flags: an optional hash containing additional options to pass to the adapter.
- connectionString: an optional string that overrides all database connection options, this is specific to the adapter. Default: ''.

####Harvester Setup

- baseUrl: optional prefix for URLs, i.e. http://api.example.com.
- namespace: optional namespace for your API, i.e. api/v1.
- inflect: Boolean value that determines whether strings should automatically be pluralized and - singularized. Default: true.
- suffix: optional suffix to every route, for example, /posts.json, /posts/1.json, /posts/1/comments.json.
- cors: boolean value indicating whether or not to enable Cross Origin Resource Sharing (CORS), or an object that contains additional configuration keys: headers (Array), methods (Array), origins (Array), and credentials (Boolean). Default: true.
- environment: if this is set to "production", responses will have whitespace stripped. Default: process.env.NODE_ENV.
